# data-and-scripts

## Data

This folder contains both the input and output data that was used by our various analysis scripts. The files are split up as follows:

- lizard-analysis: This contains the results from using the static analysis tool Lizard on our 4 target repos, as well as the results from the analysis performed by `rq5-generate-size-complexity-plots.py`.

- lizard-analysis-inputs: This contains text files that were used by `rq5-generate-size-complexity-plots.py` to identify relevant functions while parsing the Lizard output.

- run-harness-inputs: This contains json with the information necessary for our harness auto-runner to checkout, run, and analyze the harness branch.

- run-harness-results: This contains csv files generated by our harness auto-runner, including information about harness execution time, coverage, and complexity. When data could not be generated successfully, values are replaced with either -1 (for integer values) or N/A (for text values). Some harnesses that could not be run automatically had values filled in by hand after manually running the harness.

- other-inputs: This is any miscellaneous json inputs for other scripts that generated plots from our data.

## Scripts

The scripts directory contains scripts used to either extract information about a repository, automatically run and collect data on harnesses, or build plots using our data. Each script has a comment at the top explaining which graphs it generates, as well as any important info about running it.

The unused directory contains any scripts that generated graphs that were not used in the final paper.

Also included is a custom Makefile used by the script to assist in automatically running and timing harnesses.